### Scope
This privacy statement explains to users of ARSnova.click the nature, scope and purpose of the usage of personal data by the responsible provider. The legal basis of this privacy policy can be found in the German Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG) and the German Telemediengesetz (TMG).

<br/>

### Application data
All quiz questions and their answer options are held by the local browser storage of the quiz owner.

<br/>

### Access data
Besides web server log files, no personal access data is stored.

<br/>

### Webserver logfiles
The provider collects log files about every access to the ARSnova.click system in so-called log files. The provider uses the data exclusively for statistical purposes, for the purpose of operation, security and the optimization of the service. The provider reserves the right to check the log data if there is a reasonable suspicion of unlawful use due to concrete indications.

<br/>

### 3rd party services
In quizzes third party services or content, such as videos from YouTube and Vimeo or graphics can be included from other websites. This requires that the provider of such content percive the user's IP address. Without the IP address the content can not be sent to the browser.

<br/>

### Cookies
Cookies are small files that make it possible to save specific (related to the device) information of the user inside the access device. The offer ARSnova.click uses cookies to observe statistical data of website's usage by Matomo (see below) to be able to detect and analyze them in order to improve the offer. The user can influence the use of cookies. Most browsers have an option to limit the storage and usage of cookies or prevent the usage of cookies completely.

<br/>

### Matomo
This offer uses Matomo, an open source software for statistical analysis of traffic, see <a href='http://matomo.org/' target='_blank'>matomo.org</a>. Matomo uses cookies, which are stored on the computer of the user and allow the analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this service is stored on the provider's server in Germany. The IP address is anonymized immediately after processing and before the storage. The user can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings of their browser software.
